Per tenant max search duration (#1421)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/configuration/_index.md

    # This setting is useful if you wish to test how many active series a tenant will generate, without
    # actually writing these metrics.
    [metrics_generator_disable_collection: <bool> | default = false]

>     # Per-user block retention. If this value is set to 0 (default) then block_retention
>     #  in the compactor config is used.
>     [block_retention: <duration> | default = 0s]
> 
>     # Per-user max search duration. If this value is set to 0 (default) then max_duration
>     #  in the frontend config is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Per-user block retention. If this value is set to 0 (default), then block_retention
    #  in the compactor configuration is used.
    [block_retention: <duration> | default = 0s]

    # Per-user max search duration. If this value is set to 0 (default), then max_duration
    #  in the front-end configuration is used.
```
